Aqueduct is a versatile experiment management system designed to streamline and simplify quantum system administration. Automation, data management and a multi-user platform come together to facilitate demanding experimental activities, through an intuitive, consistent, open interface. With robust security features including role-based access control and authentication, Aqueduct ensures data integrity and accessibility throughout the experiment pipeline.

Aqueduct is an extensible platform, with a full API allowing connectivity with external systems, and a plugin SDK allowing extensions to expand core Aqueduct functionality in a flexible and secure way. This first version of Aqueduct contains data management tools that augment a lab’s existing data storage systems by tracking critical settings, raw data and processed data from experiments, keeping them organised and readily accessible. Through convenient features such as tagging, favouriting, archiving, and annotation of experimental data, we facilitate a smoother data workflow for all labs. Aqueduct’s software APIs make it possible to retrofit existing experiment scripts so that all the lab’s data, not just the data produced by Deltaflow.Control, can be saved and accessed in a single, centralized location.

This functionality is faciliated through 2 components: `aqueductcore` is  the server software that hosts the main application, web interface, and handles data storage. `pyaqueduct` is our python client which allows easy creation of experiments and upload of data and metadata for them.
